.TH soedit 1 "" "1.0"
.SH NAME
soedit \- A simple, CUA-compliant text editor. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
soedit [
.I filename
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
soedit is a simple console editor. It was created a part of an OS called sanos,
but can also be used on Linux. More details can be found at:
.BR http://www.jbox.dk/sanos/editor.htm
.PP
soedit follows the CUA standards for text editing, i.e., arrow keys and pgup/pgdown/home/end
for navigation, the same with shift for selection, Ctrl-X / Ctrl-C / Ctrl-V for cut/copy/paste etc.
.PP
Press F1 in the editor to see the (non-configurable) key bindings.
.SH OPTIONS
soedit does not take any options. However, you can supply a filename to open.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Michael Ringgaard
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2002 Michael Ringgaard. All rights reserved.
.PP
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:
.PP
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.PP  
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  
.PP
3. Neither the name of the project nor the names of its contributors
   may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
   without specific prior written permission. 
.PP
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH DAMAGE.